here's what's in theaters this weekend
who are you I'm gonna help yourself in
the spine-tingling thriller incarnate a
scientist enters the mind of a possessed
boy to face the demon head-on I'd like
to thank you the chance to become a star
directed by Warren Beatty rules don't
apply is a romantic comedy about an
actress
her driver and their billionaire boss
mean in this town aren't those the rules
the rules don't apply to you there's
over five million of us and we're on a
cutthroat lobbyists will do anything to
win in the nail-biting political
thriller miss Sloan it's about making
sure you surprise them and they don't
surprise you here's this week's fantasy
patient
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting below see
you next time on weekend ticket